Good Day,

With due respect, I must apologize for this unsolicited message, I am aware that this is certainly not a conventional way of approaching an unknown person for establishment of project/business of this kind, But I respectfully insist you read this message carefully before you either take a decision of proceeding or deleting my message as I am optimistic it will be successful for unimaginable financial benefit for both of us and our families.

I am a mining services consultant. I am 51 years old male (I shall provide you with more details on my background later).I have worked for South Africa department of mineral resources as Project Implementation director. At the moment, I am a consultant for several mining companies advising them on liquefied natural gas exploration and storage but the government wants me to be the new South African Airways CEO (SAA) though it has not been made official as I have not made up my mind. As I want to resign from public service after this business.

The South Africa economy has witnessed a steady growth since the end of Apartheid. Within the Ministry of Mines & Mineral Resources where I worked as director of Auditing and Project Implementation, Mining and Quarrying alone contributes 12.3% GDP (R25.9Billion), Gold made up R19.9Billion of the yearly export while Base metals and other mineral products contribute R6.7Billion and R5.0Billion respectively. This figure excludes Diamond, which is quoted separately. The Government has continuously strived to improve and maintain good relationship with foreign governments and Non-Governmental financial agencies by ensuring payments for all debts owed to foreign contractors.

As a matter of fact, the Government has sponsored several trade delegations overseas to improve and attract foreign investments to South Africa. I write, asking for your indulgence in re-profiling funds to tune of Fifty Four Million Seven Hundred Thousand United States Dollars (US$54.7) which we want to keep safely overseas under your supervision. In other words, we would like you to receive the said funds on our behalf. The Funds were derived over time from a project awarded to a foreign firm by my Department, and presently the actual contract cost have been paid to the original project executors/Contractor, leaving the balance in the tune of the said amount which we have in principle obtained approval to remit overseas.

Currently, as a Director of Projects at The Department of Mine and Mineral resources here in my Country, though I’m in UK for a short holiday because my family are also here I will use my contacts to make the process very smooth . I have the authority and approval of my partners involved in this transaction to compensate you with 25% for your participation.
This endeavor has a minimal or No risk factor on your part provided you treat it with the utmost discretion. You are advised to back for further clarification.

I await in anticipation your fullest co-operation.